[Music]
imagine a country tucked into the
Himalaya Mountains between the giant
countries of India and China and closed
off from tourism until 1974 a country
that decided to measure national
happiness as completely free health care
and nobody living on the streets sounds
unbelievable but this is all true about
Bhutan and that's just the tip of the
iceberg counting down from number 16 no
homeless people at all in Bhutan there's
no one stuck living out on the streets
if a person loses their home they just
need to go to the king and he'll give
them a plot of land where they can build
a house to live in and plan a garden to
eat from 15 free health care each
Bhutanese resident has the right to free
medical care the country's Ministry of
Health has made it their goal to become
a nation with the best health and it
looks like they're achieving just that a
person could decide whether to receive
traditional or classical medicine as a
method of treatment that's all
completely free 14 unplugged TV and
Internet were officially banned in
Bhutan until 1999 that is the Bhutanese
people take their traditions and unique
culture very seriously and that came
took great measures to protect his
people from outside influences but they
became impossible to isolate the whole
country from modern technologies so the
king finally decided to lift the ban as
a result Bhutan was one of the last
countries in the world to start using
television the internet arrived shortly
after 13 national dress code speaking of
traditions Bhutanese people are required
to wear traditional clothes in public
this nationwide dress code has existed
for over 400 years
men wear a heavy knee-length rope called
a go and women wear a long dress known
as a Kyra you can even identify a
person's social status by the colour
scarf they wear draped over their left
shoulder ordinary folks wear white
scarves
and noble people in monks wear yellow
ones twelve no smoking in 2010 the king
enacted a law prohibiting the
cultivation harvest and sale of tobacco
making Bhutan the first country in the
world with a total ban on tobacco it's
impossible to buy it there and you can't
smoke it in public areas tourists lucky
enough to gain entry into the country
have to pay a huge fee for bringing
their smokes with them and if they get
caught trying to smuggle in tobacco they
can expect a huge fine or even criminal
charges 11 ecology is everything Bhutan
is really concerned about ecology in
nature according to a local law at least
60% of the country's total area must be
covered with woods at the moment that
number is at about 71% so they're doing
just fine it's no surprise really since
this is what locals want in 2015
Bhutan even sent a world record when its
people planted 50,000 trees in just one
hour
thanks to that it's the only carbon
negative country in the world meaning it
absorbs more carbon dioxide than it
produces Wow
way to go Bhutan 10 they like it hot the
most popular ingredient in almost every
Bhutanese dish is chilies the Tourism
Council even noticed
Bhutanese people would not even enjoy a
meal that was not spicy the country's
official national dish is called M
Adachi
it's a yummy mix of spicy chilies and a
local cheese called dachi it's a common
staple in most meals and can be changed
up by adding potatoes green beans
mushrooms or ferns and if you really
want to mix it up you can use yak cheese
yep from a yak 9 touring obstacles
remember Bhutan takes preserving their
traditions and unique culture very
seriously that's why they make visiting
their country very difficult and
expensive you can only go to Bhutan in
groups of three or more technically you
can go as a couple or by yourself but
you got to pay extra if you do all
documents and visas are issued by a
state-appointed company and before you
can get the permit you have to pay all
of the expenses in advance including
transportation hotel fees tour operator
and guide services visa and insurance a
tour guide will be with you the entire
time and they'll only allow you to visit
places specifically designated for
tourism if you're already thinking about
booking a trip then make sure you save
up to $250 per person for each night
you'd like to stay 8
ladies first women are respected and
honored in Bhutan their tradition of
inheritance proves that all property and
belongings like their homes cattle and
land go to the eldest daughter not son
men are expected to earn their own
fortunes seven 100% organic not quite
but they're well on their way and could
get there soon it's already illegal to
import or use any chemical products
there whatsoever everything they use is
cultivated within the country and is all
natural sex they keep food on the roof
winners are pretty harsh in Bhutan so
they have to take advantage of the
warmer seasons to make sure they have
enough food to make it through the cold
months in the fall it's not uncommon to
see roofs covered with red chillies
drying for the winter piles of rice
stalks and cone like structures in the
fields are also everywhere they don't
have enough time to thrash the rice
straight away so they keep it like that
until they can get to it
chilli and rice are something that
Bhutanese can happily survive on all
winter long five
only the best pilots are allowed to fly
to Bhutan this time it's not a matter of
privacy or an attempt to preserve an
ancient culture but a matter of skill
and safety Harrow Airport the only one
in the country is in a fantastically
beautiful location with breathtaking
views of the Himalayas but it's also one
of the most dangerous airports in the
world not every pilot can maneuver
between mountain tops and land on a 6500
foot long highway right by people's
houses add strong winds to the challenge
and you'll understand why takeoffs and
landings are only allowed during
daylight hours and there are only eight
pilots in the world that can do this
together they transport around 30,000
people a year for wedding rules if you
visit Bhutan
you may fall in love with the land but
try not to fall for a local or else
you'll get your heart broken it's
prohibited to marry foreigners when to
happy Bhutanese people fall in love and
get married
monks read mantras during the wedding
ceremony they believe this tradition
helps newlyweds to build a tight mental
connection there's also a shameful
ritual which is the offering of a
locally grown brew to the deities after
the offering the remaining brew is
served and shared by the bride and groom
once the rituals are performed the
couple becomes a family then as a rule
the man moves into the woman's home and
only when he earns enough money can they
move into a new house 3 the Ministry of
happiness in 2008 the gross national
happiness committee was formed in Bhutan
to take care of the people's inner peace
Bhutan is the only country in the world
that has an official Ministry of
happiness they believe GNH or gross
national happiness is just as important
to measure as GDP also known as gross
domestic product in 2015 they organized
an extensive survey interviewing people
about how happy they are even the census
questionnaire has a column where you can
indicate whether you're satisfied with
your life or not
the result of the 2015 survey showed
that 91 percent of the population
consider themselves happy and 43 percent
are deeply or extensively happy the
quality of life in the country is
determined by the balance between their
financial and mental values to the road
less travelled all the road signs in
Bhutan are drawn by hand till fooled of
the country's capital is the only one in
the world that has no traffic lights at
all in fact there are no traffic lights
in the entire country
traffic police control vehicle movement
manually and the officer in his booth on
the Main Street is one of the city
sights no tourist wants to miss one
gingerbread like houses Bhutanese people
love to decorate their homes they draw
birds animals and different patterns on
the walls making them look like
real-life gingerbread houses their
houses are small three-story structures
the ground floor is a place to keep
animals the living space is on the
second floor and the third floor
is used to store hay probably makes for
great insulation - despite all the bans
and strict rules Bhutanese people are
very friendly and happy and the natural
beauty of this country is breathtaking
so if you plan a visit I'm willing to
bet it'll be an unforgettable trip so
would you like to visit Bhutan let me
know down in the comments if you learn
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go anywhere just yet we have
over two thousand cool videos for you to
check out all you have to do is pick the
left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life